My friends are always asking me, "M, how
do you do that? How do you make all men
instantly fall in love with you? What's
the secret?" And more importantly, they
want to know how they can do that, too.
Let me tell you, no, it's not cooking.
It's not doing the dishes. It's not
having a big bunda or looking a specific
way. Hi guys, and welcome back to my
channel. My name is Michaela and today I
want to talk about feminine habits that
make men fall in love with you. And
after this video, you will know exactly
how to navigate men and life around men
to have them wrapped around your little
finger and make them fall in love with
you. You can implement these habits if
you're in the dating stage or already in
a relationship or marriage. they will
always make him fall in love with you
even more. Let's get into this. The
first habit I want to talk about is to
let a man feel needed. Even if you can
do it all by yourself and sometimes even
better, let him do things for you. Let
him open the door for you. Let him take
out the trash. Let him do the groceries.
Let him carry the bags. Let him cover
the bills. You need to understand that
men that don't feel needed, they
literally feel useless. And the man that
doesn't feel needed doesn't want to
spend time with you. But the more he
feels needed and also appreciated for
that, the more he actually wants to do
for you and the more time he will want
to spend with you. Keep in mind that you
do not want to sound demanding. You want
to let him feel like either it was his
idea or he literally saved your day for
doing that. For example, next time you
two are on the sofa, you two are getting
comfortable somewhere in the restaurant,
suddenly you remembered that you forgot
something in the car, you forgot
something on the balcony. So, you ask
him if he would be so kind and get this
small thing for you because you forgot
it. and it's so important for you. You
would love to have it right now. He will
get up and get the thing for you. And
then you will be so appreciative of what
he has done for you. Thank you so much.
You saved my day for bringing me this.
Thank you for making my life so
comfortable. Thank you for making my
life so much more easy. Or let's say
you're already living together. You are
getting ready for bed and then you
remember you still need to charge your
laptop for tomorrow. Instead of doing it
yourself, just give him the hint and
say, "Hey babe, what do you think?
Should we charge the laptop for
tomorrow?" "Hey babe, what do you think?
Should we carry out the trash?" "What do
you think? Should we clean the apartment
today? What do you think? Should we hire
a cleaner?" You give him hints and he
will act on it. And once he acts on it,
you appreciate what he did. The next
habit I want to talk about is to correct
him. I have heard so many times that
women shouldn't correct a man because
it's emasculating him and it makes him
feel small. But actually, I do not agree
with that. I think especially if you are
already in a relationship, in a
long-term relationship, you as his woman
are actually the one and only person
that can hold him accountable for things
and probably also the one and only
person he actually is listening to. If
you do it the right way, next time he is
doing something you do not agree with.
Yes, stand up for him in front of other
people. But once you're at home, once
the situation is calm, you are the one
who needs to hold him accountable for
his actions. You come to him and say,
"Hey babe, yes, I stood up for you at
dinner, but now that we are alone, I
want to tell you that I do not agree
with your actions. I do not respect how
you handled that situation. I do not
appreciate the way you talk to me. I
have to tell you that wasn't right. And
I want you to take accountability for
your actions. Otherwise, I will not be
able to stand up for you anymore. It's
very important that you hold him
accountable in a soft in a feminine way.
You as a woman actually have so much
power in the relationship if you
exercise this power in a feminine and
soft way. The next habit and a very very
important habit is to let him lead. To
have the right dynamic in a relationship
between woman and men, you need to also
understand where you are in the
relationship. And there is always one
leader and always one follower. He as
the man if he is in his masculine needs
to be the leader and you as the woman
naturally are the follower. This doesn't
mean that you as a woman are weak. It
means that you know how to support your
man to lead and you are actually the
powerhouse behind him and make him feel
like he's the powerhouse and leading it.
You as a feminine woman need to
understand that leadership is like a
muscle that needs to be trained. And if
you're in a relationship, you need to
train this muscle in your man. How do
you do that? You let him lead in
different circumstances. Let him plan a
date. Let him figure out the way
himself. Let him find the parking
himself. Let him plan a holiday. Let him
choose a restaurant. Let him choose a
dish for you. Let him take the lead
whenever he wants to take the lead and
also give him space to let him lead. If
you are always taking care of everything
already, he has no space to take the
lead and he will naturally fall into the
more submissive role in the relationship
and this literally kills the dunamic the
polarity between you two. A feminine
woman knows how to let him take the
lead. And you trust that he will make
the right decisions for you, but also
for him. And this is very, very
important because if your man is only
making decisions based on how you feel
and he's neglecting himself, also the
polarity kills. You don't want someone
that only wants to make you happy. You
want someone that also considers
himself. If a man is losing himself in a
relationship, he maybe is super in love
with you, but also the polarity will be
gone and that's what's actually
emasculating him. Now, the next habit I
want to talk about is about his weird
side. The feminine woman understands
that when men go outside, they are
working. They are going into the wild
and putting their mask on almost like a
masculine very hard and strict shield.
They have to always present them very
strong, respected, and also be serious
most of the time to get things done.
Now, when he comes home, he wants to
feel like he's being cherished for who
he naturally is. His goofy side can come
out because he knows this is his safe
place where he can be himself fully. Let
him feel comfortable with you, with his
real side. Let him put his mask off when
he's with you. So when he's with you,
let him feel like his real version is
being appreciated. When he's being
around you, he can be fully himself. And
really smart feminine women know how to
encourage his goofy side, his normal
side where he can put his mask off. Cuz
ultimately, he will connect being around
you with feeling comfortable, being able
to be his truest self, which makes him
relax more and makes him want to stay
around more. He will literally never
want to leave if you are the only person
in his life where he can be fully
himself. and not being constantly
punished and bashed down for not being
perfect. The next habit I want to talk
about is being his second brain. This
might be a bit controversial because I
always say don't do anything for men,
right? But actually, if you know how to
be his second brain, you will be
irreplaceable for him. You will switch
from just being the warm feminine and
nurturing woman to something that is
irreplaceable because you keep bringing
value to his life that for you might
seems like nothing but for him it's
everything. And I'm not talking here
about spending money on him or literally
doing big things for him. No, I'm
talking about very very small things.
For example, when you're on a first
date, you give him something small. You
give him a small prolene. I just wanted
to see if you like sweet things. Or you
give him a little perfume test of your
favorite perfume so he will never forget
you. Or when you're already in a
relationship and you notice small things
about him. You notice that he loves to
smell good, especially when he's with
his friends or when he meets people
outside. But many times he forgets his
perfume. So, you simply take it in your
bag with you and whenever you're outside
and he notices he forgot this perfume.
Then, whoop, you have it in your bag and
you are the one that saves the moment.
You are the one that literally thinks in
things that he keeps forgetting about.
And believe me, it does something to a
man. It also makes him feel so valued
and appreciated before he needs to say
anything, before you need to ask him.
You simply do. You simply anticipate in
unspoken or unseen needs. And this also
leads me into our next habit, which is
speaking life into your men, especially
when you are already in a relationship.
But even if you're just dating, a
feminine woman knows what it does to a
man when she is truly wholeheartedly
believing in him. She knows that his
belief always stems from her belief in
him. And ultimately, he will be able to
achieve more in his life or in your
together life when you keep praising him
more. With praising, I don't mean
talking about his big muscles or how
good a shirt fits him. I mean talk about
his character. Talk about how capable he
is, how good he is handling things, how
good he is in negotiating, what amazing
skills he has, and that you adore his
ability to build something from scratch.
That you love how he keeps showing up
for himself. that you see the strength
in everything he does. Keep praising him
for his character and for his ability to
achieve something and I promise you he
will be able to achieve even more than
you can imagine. That's why they always
say behind every really successful man
is a good woman. a good and smart
feminine woman that knows how to praise
her man and how to speak life into him,
how to believe in him so he believes in
himself more. Another habit I want to
talk about is to value his effort more
than the outcome. Many many times we are
being upset when the outcome is not as
we wished it would be. And I get it.
It's so difficult to appreciate
something that you wished was different,
but you need to appreciate the effort
because if you're bashing him for the
outcome, he will not feel motivated to
do more for you. This is not about
whether the restaurant was perfect or
the plan was smoothly or he missed the
exit or he bought you the wrong gift.
It's about appreciating that he tried.
Men crave recognition for their effort
and when they get it then they want to
double the effort. Of course this is
difficult when the man keeps messing up
over and over again but then you might
reconsider if you two are even
compatible. Now another habit is
self-care. And this maybe is actually
one of the most important habits. And
you will be thinking like, but what has
this to do with him falling in love with
me more when I keep doing more for
myself? Yes, honey. You doing more for
yourself means he will be falling in
love with you even more. The reason for
that is because when you do more for
yourself, first of all, you signal him
how important you are to yourself. And
for him, he will be thinking, "Wow, you
must be so special and important." And
second of all, you taking care of
yourself means also that you are filling
your own cup, right? Your cup of love,
your cup of happiness, your cup of
energy and your cup of radiation, of
magnetism. And this is not only nice to
look at, this is also nice to be around.
When your cup is full, you can give.
Right? And I want you to think about a
day where you were working all day. You
were super exhausted. You were feeling
uncomfortable. It was hot outside. Maybe
you got blisters because your shoes were
very uncomfortable. How did you treat
people that day or after that long day?
And then think about a day, maybe a
Sunday, where you did your nails, you
put on a face mask, you took a bath, you
got a massage, you did a whole self-c
care spa, how did you treat people
around you? How did you treat your
husband? How did you deal with your
boyfriend, with your date? You had so
much to give because you filled your own
cup. And yes, I understand some women
are working every single day, but I want
you to never neglect that side of you.
Do not neglect your self-care. You don't
have to plan every day doing a full day
of self-care to feel relaxed, but plan
every day, minimum an hour or two for
yourself in the morning or in the night
to really nurture yourself. Read a book.
Do some yoga. Get a massage done. Do
your skin care. Get a face mask. Light
some candles. Listen to soft music. All
of these things are not just feeling
good. They are filling you up. And also
they make you radiate and make men fall
in love with you. Men will fall in love
with a woman that is soft, that is
flowy, and also of course that is nice
to look at. With self-care, I also want
you to think about finding a way how to
do your hair and your makeup. Even if
it's minimal, take care of it. Always
try to look put together. Even if it's
in a natural and soft way, but take care
of yourself. Not because you have to,
but because you can and because it makes
you feel good. Okay. Now, before we end
this video, I want to tell you one more
habit. But this habit is more for my
single girlies or the ones that are just
dating. Keep your mystery. A feminine
woman doesn't give every detail at once.
She lets him discover her in layers, bit
by bit. It's almost like a treat. You
give it bit by bit. Men have the biggest
fantasy and they fall in love with
curiosity. They do not fall in love with
knowledge. They fall in love with what
they can imagine. So, let him imagine as
much as you can, as long as you can.
This was it for today. I hope I could
help you with this video. Thank you so
so much for watching and I love you so,
so much. See you in my next video.
Bye-bye.